somehow everything here podium
microphone headlights ask
answer
but somehow everything else 70
Members of the hockey club replace the
otherwise usual with the rows
the journalistic interests
otherwise everything true to the original one
real press conference next to kevin
Volland and Tobias strobel and something
other admittedly tricky questions
in this stadium
I do not have a clue
You can not and do not have to do everything
know how high how wide
main thing you know where it says so
harmless in intake and exhaustion the questions
for the most part were
one or two junior reporters
wanted to know it exactly important
is to ask the question that hurt the
supervise editor
press conference the question is everyone
ambitious that's clear we want each one
win and play is important I think
that you also stay on the ground and
In the past years, we have stock
Everything where you were two years ago
example of champions league talked
It also did that very quickly
can go back
and that's why we are this year
just a bit reserved
clearly want the top of it
stay
now stand and follow the fans but
In principle it is important to us that we
increase the distance to the rear
So again, do not be careful
nail down leave diplomatic
important who wants to have another who has
Not
no problem that happens on the
real journalists now and then it works
continue to strike the next
please football
because I would not call so
I believe that we already have others
calibers that call themselves that
For example, one can rely on one
next to me
holland roberto firminho we are whole
normal people so we are nothing
special even if we now before
but we are playing several spectators
Just have our our hobby to
job and I think that's it
what distinguishes us or it
Anyone can do it if he is the dumb one
or simply has the courage to do so
giving everything in the background too
Just ask and football profi
I hope that you are your goal
could someday fulfill tips
from the profi is noted and around the
make history around one more
last info please so for example yes
three years ago so i want now
my third season at recordings 2013
now it was the third one
So it was not like that
that was 2003
my third should say very well
rich for a beautiful story around
I hope strobel and volland for that
corresponding photo around the whole
neatly picture will of course
Also worried cameras are hollow enough
in use
to say goodbye there are autographs
maybe the only one on the way
note that it is not
traded for a real press conference
Has